## Download Link (available until next beta or release) ##
[Download v2.1.5 Beta 1](http://update.digidot.eu/v2019_1/c4/firmware/v2_0/beta_files/C-4_2020-11-11_1050.c4u)

## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.1.5 Beta 1 - Released on 11 November 2020 ##

##### Added #####
* LED IC: Support for GS8206.
* LED IC: Support for LPD1101.
* LED IC: Support for UCS1909.
* LED IC: Support for UCS2909.
* Status LED: The onboard status LED now has 4 options for brightness: 0%, 10%, 25% and 100%.
* UI: It's now possible to add multiple universes on a DMX output. Keep in mind that the total number of channels on that output is still 512.
* UI: After a recording, the UI verifys the record of all connected devices and shows a message if is a significant number of skippend frames. 
* UI: Global settings toggle for 'Smart DHCP Server' and 'Subnetmask' (for ethernet).
* UI: The filebower upload and download is now fully compatible with Android and iOS.

##### Changed #####
* UI: We changed our advice regarding the maxium number of scenes in a playlist form 20 to 50 due to optimalisation of the playlist file.
* UI: The playerbar when opened now has the icons on top of the sliders to prevent accidental long press when dragging the slider.
* UI: By default, the time won't be retrieved every 3 seconds at the device page. To enable this, click the 3 dots in the top-right corner on de device page and select "Show device time"..
* UI: Device order number can now be changed after using the "Getting Started".
* UI: Just like a scene, prevent a user from deleting a playlist when it's currently playing.

##### Improved #####
* Update: On the FWupdate page, the default upload speed is almost 2 times faster.
* SDcard: In some rare cases, it could happen that, when you insert a SDcard into a DiGidot C4 Extended, "No SDcard" is returned as a error. If you're sure that the SDcard is inserted correctly into the C4, you can go to the web interace -> Settings -> Interface -> Enable developer mode. Then go back to Settings -> Debug Environment -> Force SDcard communication. This way, the card detect pin is bypassed.
* UI: On the device page, the interface will no longer send request to the C4 in the background when the window is not active anymore.
* UI: Informativer error feedback messages on the file browser page.
* UI: The whole UI now has a design which is more consistent across different pages.
* UI: Text description on the trigger page, when using type 'analog' or 'button' is also more consistent.
* UI: Text is now selectable on many pages so you can copy/paste things easily.
* UI: Removed unnecessary 'status' requests when  the WiFi tab on network page is active.

##### Fixed #####
* HSV: The current H, S and V values are now correctly returned again if you send a HSV Offset command.
* Triggers: When using an analog or button trigger, no more missfires will occur.
* Scenes: Scenes will now always start playing from the first frame instead of the second frame.
* DMX IN: When a LEDstrip is connected to the C4 and the Input/output configuration is set to DMX Input, the C4 will no longer crash.
* LED IC: SM16704 is now configurable again.
* Triggers: The C4 no longer needs a restart after UDP or OSC triggers are enabled.
* Scenes: When using a long fadetime as a transition, when a stop command is sent, the C4 will now immediately stops playing all scenes instead of waiting for the fadetime to finish.
* Record: When using a crossfade effect after a scene has been recorded, the last frame is not longer a ghost frame with random data.
* Record: The second frame of the record will now be recorded at the right time.
* UI: Recordings longer than 1 hour will now save correctly.
* UI: When changing the Input/output to a different LED IC, the interface now properly reacts to tthe new situation depending on what's configured on the other ports of the device.
* UI: DMX can now be used again in the "Getting started".
* UI: Generating a colorscroll with multiple devices when using a RGBW LED IC now generates correctly.
* UI: API URL for HTTP-get has been corrected.
* UI: Autocomplete now works correctly when the start universe is non zero.
* UI: When using segments, the color order data will be respected again.
* UI: On the getting started page, the calculator is now correct when using more than 1 device.
