## Download Link (available until next beta or release) ##
[Download v2.1.5 Beta 2](http://update.digidot.eu/v2019_1/c4/firmware/v2_0/beta_files/C-4_2020-11-27_1503.c4u)

## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.1.5 Beta 2 - Released on 27 November 2020 ##

##### Added #####
* Art-Net redirect: The destination address can be specified for a Art-Net redirect. By default, it will broadcast the universe on the whole network. It's recommended to specify an IP-address to significantly reduce the network load.
* UI: When creating a UDP or OSC trigger, the default receiving port can be found the text description (port 6454 for UDP and 8000 for OSC).

##### Changed #####
* Manual: A new version of the manual is included with will contains all changes since v2.1.4 .
* Mobile: The 'Download' and 'Upload' button is removed from the file browser menu due to incompatibility reasons. It is possible to download and upload files from an iOS or Android device if you're accessing the interface with a browser. 

##### Improved #####
* UI: Text description of Time Period option while using a time trigger.
* UI: On the accounts page, there have been several improvements regarding: clicking actions of overlaying buttons, change the cursor icon when hovering over buttons, and prevent editing accounts when the current user doesn't have enough rights to edit them.
* UI: When saving a trigger, the interface will now re-fetch all triggers from the device and then re-adds the trigger to that. Because of this extra check, any changes from the moment the interface is loaded, until the trigger is actual saved, won't be lost anymore. 
* UI: When loading the interface, all assets of the interface are now checked for integrity and a reload button will be shown to notify the user something went wrong.
* UI: Various improvements in the dark theme.
* Triggers: Counter trigger compatibility.

##### Fixed #####
* LED IC: CS8812, MBI6024, WS2815, LPD1101, GS8206, UCS1909 and UCS2909 can now be used again.
* UI: On the Update page, the changelog text is now fully visible again.
* UI: When playing the first scene on the scene page, the previous command now properly goes to the last scene from the list.
* UI: A Playlist will now play normally if the device hasn't setup an IP-address yet.
* UI: If any device has a expired license, the interface won't be stuck in a reload loop anymore.
* Triggers: With HSV actions, the hue, saturation and brightness parameter will now have the correct value.

##### Removed #####
* LED IC: SK9822 removed from the interface as it was never supported in the firmware.