## Download Link ##
[Download v2.2.1 Beta 3](https://github.com/Dennis-DiGidotTechnologiesBV/c4/releases/download/v2.2.1-beta.3/C-4_2021-08-25_1723.c4u)

## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.2.1 Beta 3 - Published on 25 of August 2021 ##

### Changed ###
* Recording: By default, the interface now records every configured universe of every selected device regardless if the universe is receiving a signal. You can always change the universe to record on from the 'Record Settings' page. These changes will be kept until the interface is reloaded or opened from a different device.

### Improved ###
* IOconfig: The port limiter page is completely rewritten to be more responsive to user input. Also, multiple info and warning messages have been added: if you want to discard any changes, change the current selected device(s) or have a Art-Net out configured.
* Mobile: Improved the scaling of text and buttons on various places for small screens (resolution of 1280 x 720 or less).
* Record: The status on the record page now shows the text 'Show FPS' instead of '0 FPS' if one or multiple devices of the selected ones has a FPS of 0.

### Fixed ###
* Medium - DMX: Port DMX2 (active on output D3 and D4) works again if that's the only DMX output configured.
* Medium - Groups: If the internal battery is low, removed or doesn't make contact, group names will be correctly deleted on a power cycle so it's possible to re-configure groups again.
* Low - API: If an unknown Unique ID is sent for testing outputs, the device will no longer crash.
* Low - Getting Started: When 'Previous Step' was clicked on the configure channels page (step 3) the interface will now correctly re-configure the temporary input and output configuration when using the 'highlight' method of ordering devices.
* Low - Triggers: Saving Art-Net triggers to record a scene now works again.
