## Download Link ##
[Download v2.2.2 (Beta 1)](https://github.com/Dennis-DiGidotTechnologiesBV/c4/releases/download/v2.2.1-beta.3/C-4_2021-08-25_1723.c4u)

## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.2.2 (Beta 1) - Published on 6 of August 2021 ##

### Added ###
* Triggers: When using UDP or OSC triggers, if the DiGidot controller is configured in WiFi client mode, the given IP-address will be displayed.

### Changed ###
* IOconfig: On a sACN item, the IP-address filter is now hidden because the controller only supports the default distribution of sACN (which is multicast) and with this, an IP-address filter has no effect.
* OSC: The DiGidot controller supports OSC as a float (comma) value, or as a integer value. It's important that, for float values, the controller expects a value between 0.0 and 1.0 and for integers, it expects a value between 0 and 100. The description on the linked trigger page has been updated with this information.

### Improved ###
* UX: When opening the RDM page, the interface now properly checks if the device it's running on, is in portrait or landscape, and the layout will adjusted on that.
* Monitor: At the monitor page, requesting status messages now always goes directly to the DiGidot controller instead of redirecting it via the master controller.
* Triggers: For IOTriggers (Art-Net/sACN and DMX), the interface will now check, when editing the IOconfig or editing the IO triggers itself, if the final IOconfig is still correctly configured to make the IOtrigger actually work.
* Getting started: When clicking the 'Getting started' button, several warning prompts are being added to make you more aware of the fact the complete IOconfig will be removed if you make any changes in the process.
* Scenes ordering: If you already ordered some scenes, these will now be always on top in the scene list. New scenes (generated or recorded) will always be added at the bottom of the list.

### Fixed ###
* Medium: Restart devices now works again on DiGidot controllers with a live license.
* Medium: Ticket form it's URL is now accessible again. Also, the URL itself is dynamic now so if, in the future, the URL to the ticket form is changed, we can update that server side.
* Low: Triggers with the action 'previous -or- next in playlist' will now be properly restored from a back-up.
* Low: When using the 'Auto Channel' mode on the WiFi when it's in Access Point mode (which is the default), this mode is now properly activated.
* Low: A backup operation will now continue even if there's a DiGidot controller who's missing it's SD-card. This controller will be skipped.
* Low: Using the quick-edit mode with DMX input now works correctly. Also, in the firmware, a hardfault is prevented when you're trying to remove a DMX input while it's still linked to another object.
