## Changelog for DiGidot Controller Firmware v2.2.2 Beta 3 - Published on 23 November 2021 ##

### Added ###
* Triggers: There is now a third category for trigger on which type of device the action should be executed: 'On input device'. This will write a universal MAC-address in the file so the trigger itself can easily be copied over to different devices without any changes.

### Improved ###
* Triggers: When creating a trigger on a device where the action must be executed on a group, and the device where the trigger occurred, isn't part of that group, it will now be broadcasted on the network to fire on devices that are part of the group.
* Caching: The caching of the configuration, the scenes and the triggers in the interface will now correctly be cleared and reset if a SD-card format or a factory-reset is performed.

### Changed ###
* Triggers: When creating a trigger, the default output device was 'All Devices' which gave a side effect of always broadcasting the action of the trigger, even if there's only a single device on the network. Now, when creating a trigger, when only a single device is selected, the action will be executed on that device only. And if the trigger is configured on multiple devices (e.g. a group), the action will only be performed on the device itself. Notice that the default 'output device(s)' is changed but you can change it any destination you want.

### Fixed ###
* Low (Triggers): When saving a trigger with, on the input, a group of devices, it will now be shown correctly at the trigger overview page.
* Low (Accounts): If you try to change the username of an account, it's new name is now correctly displayed after, changing it on the account page, and also if you want to change the password of that account.
* Low (IOconfig): When you're in Quick-Edit mode, it will no longer disable the 'Save' button after you've saved on a single device only.
