## Download Link (available until next beta or release) ##
[Download v2.2.0 Beta 3](http://update.digidot.eu/v2019_1/c4/firmware/v2_0/beta_files/C-4_2021-05-17_2331.c4u)

## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.2.0 Beta 3 - Published on 17 April 2021 ##

### New ###
* Triggers: It's now possible for the play and stop action of a scene, to specify a layer number. This way, scenes can still be played in the background while other scenes take priority.

### Added ###
* UX: Password can now be set when trying to exit from the "Playlist" page.
* UX: When you're creating a backup, an ETA will be calculated to give a indication how long te backup process will take.
* UX: On the 'Triggers' -> 'HTTP/UDP/OSC' menu option in the top right corner, it will show available HTTP-GET commands for each scene and playlist to integrate in your system.

### Changed ###
* Manual: The manual has been updated with all the new features in this version like RDM, sACN, playback on different layers and many more.
* UX: On the Input/Output page, the 'Art-Net redirects' option is renamed to 'Art-Net out'. This is done to make it more clear that Art-Net can be send standlone for example; If you have multiple DiGidt C4 Live devices and want to control them with a single DiGidot C4 Extended.
* 
### Improved ###
* Backup/Restore: If you've configured a WiFi password, for either Accesspoint or Client mode, it will be stored encrypted in a backup file, and can also be restored from a backup file.
* FPS: The C4 now reports the incoming FPS from only the active inputs (Art-Net/sACN).
* Input/Output: The API commands to get the input and output data is now more efficient and only gives the whole input/output back when the watcher is active
* UX: A lot of information text has been rewritten to make it more clear. 
* UX: After you've recorded a scene, the crossfade slider now has more precise control and you can set the fade value manually with a text field.
* UX: With triggers, if you have a brightness or alpha slider as a option, it now has 20 steps to make it more easy to select values like 5%, 10%, 15% etc.
* UX: When creating a playlist, the fade time will be saved as a simple number 

### Fixed ###
* UX: On the Output Limiter page, the global limiter is now properly linked to the individual limiters of the device.
* UX: Time Period and cron has beed updated with new controls and are more stable.
* UX: When using the Backup or Restore feature, the items to select will now be correctly updated if both Live and Extended devices are selected
* UX: If a scene is recorded and you want to change the universes of the scene, the edit page will now show the correct matching universes.
* UX: Installing a custom firmware with a filedrop on the update page will now correctly select the device of which the file has been dropped.
* UX: Gamma correction is now disabled for Art-Net redirects by default.
* UX: Scenes will now be correctly loaded when a 'User' has logged in.
* UX: If you want to create a scene and you have multiple devices selected, it will no longer select the first devices it's Input/Output configuration but the first device it encounters which has a configuration.
* UX: You can no longer create a new user with the name 'admin'. This can lead to problems with communicating with the devices.
* UX: A linked trigger will now correcly be shown in the 'Trigger Watcher'
* UX: The layer or priority parameter will now be correctly saved as a number instead of a string type.
