## Download Link ##
[Download v2.2.1 Beta 2](https://github.com/Dennis-DiGidotTechnologiesBV/c4/releases/download/v2.2.1-beta.2/C-4_2021-08-10_1350.c4u)

## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.2.1 Beta 2 - Published on 10 of August 2021 ##

### Improved ###
* Playlist: If a playlist is repeated one or multiple times, this will be visible when selecting the playlist as a action on the trigger page.
* IOconfig: The output limiter sliders are now much more responsive when dragging them around.

### Fixed ###
* Medium - Triggers: A linked UDP/OSC trigger can now be edited again after creating it.
* Medium - Triggers: When using a time period trigger, the option to trigger on 'Single time' will be fired correctly.
* Medium - WiFi: Switching from AP to client and vice versa, and switching from DHCP to Static IP, on the WiFi page will now correctly update all controls and text.
* Medium - WiFi: If you press the save button after you've configured the WiFi to connect as client, the password will not be reset anymore.
* Low - File Browser:  The text "folder is empty" will now disappear after uploading a file to that folder.
* Low - IOconfig: When the same input universe is added multiple times on a single device, the IP-address filter parameter will now be correctly set for that universe.
* Low - IOconfig: Changing between RGB / RGBW LED IC's will now correctly update the fallback parameters on the global settings page.
* Low - IOconfig: If you have multiple devices, and one or more, but not all of them, have a SD-card error, the interface will now correctly load the content (playlists / scenes) of the devices that don't have an error on their SD-card.
