## Changelog for DiGidot Controller Firmware v2.2.2 Beta 2 - Published on 5 November 2021 ##

### Added ###
* Analog infotext: Added some extra information regarding open and closed circuit definition at the 'event' setting.
* Triggers: When going to the record page, there's a button added which can temporarily disable all triggers (except triggers that control the recording) so they won't affect the recording in any way. When leaving the record page, or restarting the controller, all triggers will be re-enabled again. 

### Changed ###
* Triggers: A playlist trigger will now show the playlist name itself instead of all the scene names form that playlist.

### Improved ###
* Scene page: When recording a new scene, it will show up at the bottom of the scene list page even if there are already scenes recorded where the order has changed from.
* Quick Edit: Improved error messages when an invalid value is entered into an input field.
* Record page: If you quickly navigate to the record page and then back to the home page, the interface will no longer continue polling the fps from the controllers.
* Playlist page: When changing some parameters of a playlist, the page itself will be refreshed correctly to reflect the new changes.
* Recording: After you've record something, and while saving a record, the progress bar of the interface is now more linear because it now checks the device which takes the longest time to progess or save.
* Scenes: When editing a scene, there will now be an error message shown if you try to save a playing configuration which is invalid with the current Input/Output configuration.

### Fixed ###
* Medium (DMX trigger): The DMX trigger saving and parsing process has been rewritten to make sure that the trigger will keep working even if the Input/Output configuration changes in the future. If this happens, extra messages will be shown to inform you about possible side effects when changing the configuration.
* Medium (Android): In some cases, when using an Android device, it could happen that the playerbar was very small and almost impossible to expand. This has been fixed now.
* Medium (Time triggers): When using a Safari webbrowser on a device (iMac, Macbook, iPhone, iPad etc.), the time trigger will now be correctly created again.
* Low (IOconfig): The Firmware now blocks the removal of a DMX input if it's still in use with the current Input/Output configuration and returns an error message instead. This prevents the controller from crashing.
* Low (Record Triggers): When using the 'save' command, the controller will no longer generate a fault when creating a new scene file.
* Low (Scenes): The scene list is now automatically refreshed after a record has been made.
