## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.2.2 Beta 4 - Published on 14 December 2021 ##

### Hotfix ###
* Format: SD-card can be formatted again.
* Scenes list: Devices with more than 6 scenes will now be successfully retrieved again.

### Changed ###
* Analog calibrate: The pop-up menu of 'Analog calibrate' will now, by default, select only a single device instead of 'All devices'.

### Improved ###
* IOconfig: The API will now return correct error messages when deleting temporary configuration items. Also, these items are now correctly removed from the device.
* IOconfig: Added more usable RAM-memory due to the way the Input/Output configuration is saved, and loaded at startup from Flash to RAM. This improves the stability of the device if you're working with a lot of universes (> 16) or a lot of triggers (> 25).
* Getting started: After the step of assigning the order for each device, the wizard will use the device(s) it's IP-address to communicate directly instead of proxying it trough the master. This results in a much faster process time when configuring the Input/Output configuration.

### Fixed ###
* Medium (Analog calibrate): The 'analog calibrate' settings are now correctly saved/retrieved from the device.
* Medium (Disable triggers): On the 'Record' page, the triggers will now actually be disabled if you press the 'Disable triggers' button.
* Medium (IOconfig): If you changed the fallback color to black (value 0 for all channels), the item was correctly saved but the interface showed that red (255,0,0) was configured which was incorrect.
* Low (Dark theme): Some buttons showed the wrong 'hover' color when a mouse pointer was on it. This has been corrected.
* Low (Record triggers): Trigger settings are now correctly updated if you change the device(s) from the top bar.
* Low (IOconfig): End channel was off with '+ 1' (e.g. shown 513 instead of 512).
