## Changelog for DiGidot Controller Firmware v2.3.4 - Built on 8 of December 2022 ##

### Added ###
* UX - IOconfig: DMX TTL can now have up to 4 universes instead of only one.

### Changed ###
* UX - Device settings: When a manual time is entered in the controller, this time will be shown at the device page instead of showing a place holder text.
* UX - Triggers: If you create a trigger, the default destination device, when using a single input device, will be a universal MAC-address (00:00:00:00:00:00) instead of using the exact device it's MAC-address so you can easily copy the trigger over to another device, without changing anything.

### Improved ###
* UX - Record: The Record edit page on mobile now scales properly when switching from portrait to landscape and vice versa.
* UX - Monitor: The table will now sort more responsive if you sorting on ping time, if you're using both PxLNet Node(s) and C4's.
* FW - Highlight: The Highlight API now also accepts an array with values that can be used to highlight a selection of the output.

### Fixed ###

All bugs have a 'Low' impact regarding user experience 
* UX - Backup: If a PxLNet Node with a SD-card is used with the feature 'Backup On SD-card', it will now correctly display a message in the interface if the configuration is loaded from the SD-card
* UX - IOconfig: With DMX-TTL, you can now change the color order again if you've configured more than a single universe.
* UX - IOconfig: With a PxLNet Node, 2 bugs have been resolved regarding autocomplete.
* UX - IOconfig: DMX-Input is now ignored when you generate a scene. Also, the advanced settings of a DMX-Input can be saved again.
* UX - IOconfig: Resolved some issues with the output watcher when using a 12 or 16 bit LED IC as a output.
* UX - IOconfig: The input watcher now works correctly when multiple devices on the top of the interface, are selected.
* UX - Monitor: On the monitor, the individual port highlight is now synchronized with the main 'Highlight' button.
* UX - Record settings: If you change the universe where the controller needs to record from, the universes displayed, will now be sorted based on it's number.
* UX - Playerbar: When rapidly changing scenes, the Hue (color adjust) slider in the player bar will now have the correct position.
* UX - Triggers: Playlist is now loaded correctly if using a linked trigger, when the action destination is 'Input Device'.
* UX - IOconfig: When using Quick-Edit mode, the universe fields won't be changed automatically but remain untouched until you manually change it.
* UX - Raw play: The full area of the play button is now clickable instead of only the play icon itself.
* UX - Record: When disabling triggers before recording, the triggers will stay disabled if you navigate to the 'Record settings'.
* UX - Groups: Startup devices will now function properly if you're using PxLNet Nodes.
* UX - Groups: When changing a group, which also can change the unique id of the group, all the corresponding triggers and actions will be correctly updated with the new unique id.
