## Changelog for DiGidot Controller Firmware v2.3.4 Beta 2 - Built on 1th of February 2022 ##

### Added ###
* Time: Every set time command from the API is now logged so it's possible to trace back any time difference.
* Scenes: When using the accounts feature, and a normal user account is created and logged in, switching between scenes now goes smoothly with a fade.

### Changed ###
* Logging: Reduce the maximum log file size from 10 to 5 Megabyte.
* Triggers: The restrictions in an action list (greyed out actions to choose from) are now removed so you can freely assign actions.

### Improved ###
* UX: Styling of the Record page is now more responsive on mobile devices.
* Getting started: Changed the timing of the requests that are being sent to the DiGidot Controller so the ordering process, using the onboard button, is much more reliable. 
* UX: in the File Editor, the scrollbar is now bigger in size so it's easier to use with a mouse. Also, the text render process has been optimized so the editor, and scrolling motion is much faster. 
* UX: If you enter a wrong value into a input field, for example, a character into a number field, there will be a red underline to indicate the value is invalid and should be changed.

### Fixed ###
* Trigger: If you're using the linked trigger, in combination with a playlist, it now works as expected and won't endless re-trigger the active scene.
* License: For Live devices, the time and date will also be synced now. This prevents the expiration flag to be set too early, if an expiration date is present.
* Backup & Restore: Names of playlists, and the intensity of the status LED, are now correctly set when a backup is restored.
* Input watcher: When using the same input universe multiple times, in the input watcher, this universe will only be shown once, instead of multiple times.
* Input watcher: Changing the device at the input watcher, now correctly shows the values of the device that's being selected.
* Playlist: If you want to play another playlist after a playlist is done, the list of playlist to choose from, is now correctly retrieved.
* Time & Date: Sometimes, a manual entered date wasn't applied. This has been fixed.
