## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.3.6 Beta 1 - Published on 13 december 2023 ##

##### New #####
* LED IC: You can now choose between 4 different speed options of DMX TTL: 250, 500, 750 and 1000 kHz. The 250 kHz is the default operation speed if you talking about DMX512. The 500 kHz is sometimes referred as DMX1024 while the 1000 kHz is sometimes called DMX2048. If you use the higher speeds, you can double or even quadruple your FPS! Carefully the the manufacturer it's datasheet if it support this higher speed variants. Flickering and other weird behavior can happen if you select a speed  that the LED IC can't handle. For the PxLNet Node, you don't have to do anything other then selecting the right protocol. For the standalone DiGidot C4 controller, you can use a PxLNet Transmitter to make use of the higher speed in DMX!
* LED IC: Added UCS7604
* Scenes: Sorting on name, size and date is now possible when you go to scenes page! Manual ordering is also still an option. Also, generated scenes will have a proper time stamping so it works well with the new sorting feature.
* Settings: On the IOconfig page, you can now globally set the 'Create Segments' option for each universe, for every device, 

##### Changed #####
* Generate scenes: Up to 20 colors can be added to the color scroll effect of the built in generator. The page has also been refined to make it more clear what you're going to generate.
* Settings: Changing the input protocol from Art-Net to sACN, or vice versa, will now leave the universe number untouched.

##### Improved #####
* Backup & Restore: If you restore a backup file, an alert will appear at the end of the restoring process if you want to restart now or later, to apply the new triggers.
* Recording: The Pingpong effect will not execute directly when you click on it but a confirm dialog will be presented.
* Backup & Restore: The internal database will now be cleared when you perform a factory reset from the interface to prevent caching issues.
* File Browser: You can now delete or download all files of a folder from the context menu (3 dots next to a folder name);
* Status: Prevent a 'alert explosion' when a lot of problems are found within the trigger section. They will now combine into 1 single alert with all the problems listed, per device.

##### Fixed #####
* Playback (High): Playing a scene and then opening the playerbar will no longer offset the color unless there is interaction with the slider by the user. 
* Settings (Low): When applying global settings for the network configuration, now only the fields that are touched (when you click on the field value) will be saved to all devices.
