## Changelog for DiGidot C4 Firmware v2.3.0 Beta 1 - Published on 24 November 2021 ##

### New ###
* **PxLNet Node support**: Our very latest product release, the new DiGidot PxLNet Node is shipped with this version where the interface has been fully optimized for this variant.
* **GPIO output**: We've added a feature where you can configure, as a trigger action, make a GPIO output 0 volt or 12 volt. This feature is located on analog channel 1 and can be used if this channel isn't used in a trigger. There's also a second GPIO output (Open-Drain type) which is only available internally on the PCB. On the PxLNet Node, both GPIO output 1 (shared with analog channel 1) and 2 (standalone) are present 4 times which makes 8 GPIO ouputs in total.
* **Diagnostics**: Before this release, we already had some basic diagnostic information which were present on the Monitor page. But now, you can view: detailed RAM usage, processing time of each universe, ethernet switch statistics, playback information any many more things! Keep in mind this first version is primarily developed for mechanics which means there is little to no explanation about what every parameter means of what value is good of bad. But it allows us, as the developers, and mechanics to help customers more effectively in case there are problems.

### Improved ###
* Scene generator: This release contains an updated version of the experimental new scene generator which can be located on the 'Generate Scene' page when enabling 'Developer mode'. You can do this in the 'Interface settings'. This new version contains many, many fixes but since it's still work in progress, we don't have list of what's fixed. Also, it's still a beta so it's aimed to test in the field for developers and mechanics or customers which want to experimate with it.
